=head1 NAME

SMS::Send::Infobip - SMS::Send driver for Infobip

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $sender = SMS::Send->new('Infobip',
        _apikey => 'apikey',
        _sender => 'Sender',
        _baseurl => '<identifier>.api.infobip.com'
    );

    my $sent = $sender->send_sms(
        text => 'Text message',
        to => '41793026727',
    );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An SMS::Send driver providing integration with the Infobib SMS API.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

    my $sender = SMS::Send->new('Infobip',
        _apikey => 'apikey',
        _sender => 'Sender',
        _baseurl => '<identifier>.api.infobip.com',
        _timeout => 60,
        _to_override => '41793026728',
        _skip_send => 1
    );

=head3 Parameters

=over

=item * C<_apikey> The API key can be retrieved from the Infobip account settings

=item * C<_sender> Name of the sender. See L<https://www.infobip.com/docs/sms/get-started#sender-names> forvalid sender name formats.

=item * C<_baseurl> Personalized base URL in the format: <identifier>.api.infobip.com.

=item * C<_timeout> Optional: Request timeout in seconds, default is 60.

=item * C<_to_override> Optional: An override for the C<to> parameter of C<SMS::Send-E<gt>send_sms()>.

=item * C<_skip_send> Optional: An boolean, if true don't perform the API request to actually send the SMS.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

David Gustafsson, C<< <david.gustafsson at ub.gu.se> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to C<bug-sms-send-infobip at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<https://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=SMS-Send-Infobip>.  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.

=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc SMS::Send::Infobip


You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)

L<https://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=SMS-Send-Infobip>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<https://cpanratings.perl.org/d/SMS-Send-Infobip>

=item * Search CPAN

L<https://metacpan.org/release/SMS-Send-Infobip>

=back

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This software is Copyright (C) 2023 by David Gustafsson.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)
=cut

1; # End of SMS::Send::Infobip
